Fix reported location of skip when --runxfail is used (#7432)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/7392.bugfix.rst

> Fix the issue not ignoring --runxfail when using skip mark in a test.

Reviewer: Please update the changelog to describe the issue being fixed. I suggest:

```suggestion
Fix the reported location of tests skipped with ``@pytest.mark.skip`` when ``--runxfail`` is used.
```
